The Batman is approaching the $300 million mark this weekend, on track to match a record set by Spider-Man: No Way Home's epic box office run. The Batman, which stars Robert Pattinson as the newest iteration of the titular Caped Crusader, opened domestically in theaters on March 4, 2022. The film, which follows the vigilante hero during his second year under the cowl, also recasts many of Gotham's most prominent characters, including Jeffrey Wright as Commissioner Gordon, Zoe Kravitz as Catwoman, Colin Farrell as The Penguin, and Paul Dano as The Riddler.

The Batman has had a particularly strong opening, taking in $134 million in its first weekend. This total is so substantial that in one day it earned more than Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins did in its entire opening weekend. With few other March tentpoles to compete with, the film has continued to perform well and hasn't lost much steam in the weeks since its premiere. In fact, The Batman has already broken half a billion in the worldwide box office.

For comparison, not a single one of the other films in 2021's top 5 came close to ever hitting the $300 million mark. In order, the films that came behind Spider-Man were its Marvel Phase 4 cohort Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings ($224.5 million), Venom: Let There Be Carnage ($212.6 million), Black Widow ($183.6 million), and F9: The Fast Saga ($173 million). In just three weeks, The Batman will have made more in the domestic box office than hits No Time to Die and Free Guy put together.

The Batman is only the second DC film to be released theatrically in the pandemic era, after James Gunn's The Suicide Squad in August 2021. It remains to be seen if this enormous box office take will be matched by subsequent films in the DC universe, which include the upcoming Black Adam and Shazam! Fury of the Gods, both of which are hitting before the end of 2022. Once those films' box office numbers come in, there will be a better sense of whether audiences are warming back up DC's films in general or if The Batman has a special draw that helped it launch into the stratosphere.